Here's our list of the best parks to visit in Los Angeles.

Just west of the Golden State Freeway lies Griffith Park . One of the largest municipal parks in North America and the largest historic landmark in Los Angeles, the park covers 4,210 acres of natural chaparral-covered terrain and landscaped parkland. Positioned in the eastern Santa Monica mountain range, the park varies in elevation ranging from 384 to 1,625 feet above sea level. The park offers a number of activities to partake in, including the infamous Griffith Observatory, the Los Angeles Zoo, Travel Town Transportation Museum, Autry Museum of the American West, the Greek Theatre, Flora and Fauna, L.A. Equestrian Center, pony rides, golf and special gardens and forests. With this many options, you’ll want to come back more than one time.

Named after one of the most popular actors in Hollywood, Will Rogers State Historic Park serves as a popular spot for outdoor lovers and Rogers fans alike. Take a tour of Rogers’ ranch house, where you’ll be given an inside look at his family life and where he spent much of his time relaxing with those he loved. Next, venture outside for various hiking trail options including a two-mile loop to and from Inspiration Point, the Rivas Canyon Trail or the Backbone Trail, which weaves into the Santa Monica mountains. Alternatively, swap walking on foot for riding horseback down a guided trail ride or pack a lunch and picnic above the polo field. Located in Pacific Palisades, Will Rogers State Historic Park immerses you in rich history and gets you moving.

Looking for the ideal spot to snag a pic in front of the Hollywood sign? Lake Hollywood Park is offering just that. Not only is it located in the Hollywood Hills, but it’s also providing the large green space you’ve been looking for to picnic, do yoga at and play with your dog. The park is open every day from sunrise to sunset, which is perfect because we hear the best time of day to get a picture is anytime you want it to be.

Located on Beverly Blvd., Pan Pacific Park offers a multitude of sports and fitness programs such as flag football, gymnastics, basketball, volleyball and soccer—plus picnic tables, a children's play area, outdoor fitness equipment and a jogging path. This park is the ideal spot to keep kids entertained and parents at ease.

At Kenneth Hahn State Recreation Area , you’ll be asking yourself what isn’t there to do? Here, you’re invited to get outdoors and take advantage of all that there is to offer including baseball and soccer fields, picnic areas, playgrounds, community centers, basketball courts, barbecue areas, fishing lakes, volleyball courts, hiking trails and so much more. Located on La Cienega Blvd., this site is sure to keep you entertained until sundown.

Situated on Ocean Ave. between Colorado Ave. and Adelaide Drive lies the 26.4-acre stretch of land known as Palisades Park . Take in views of Santa Monica Bay via the Beacon Overlook or roll up your sleeves and dip into your artsy side at the Camera Obscura Art Lab at 1450 Ocean. While making your way through the park, you’ll catch a glimpse of the Arcadia Bandini de Baker bust and the Gestation III wood sculpture. End your day with a pump at the gym or take a stroll around the rose garden. Whichever activity you choose, Palisades Park ensures an enjoyable experience.

Located in Pasadena, Arlington Garden welcomes you and your pets to a 3-acre refuge unlike any other. Being the only dedicated public garden in Pasadena, the garden is open seven days a week for you and your family to come and stroll around the grounds peering at local flora and fauna and taking in the sounds of nature. Through community support, Arlington Garden has continued to teach, inspire and provide enjoyment for all those who visit.

Surrounded by lush greenery and plenty of open space, Coldwater Canyon Park is offering the precise outdoor activities we prefer. Located in Beverly Hills, the park hosts a bike path, hiking trail and jogging path so you can get moving any time of the day.

Beverly Gardens , a 1.9-mile park that stretches from Wilshire Blvd. to North Doheny Drive, features a number of notable art sculptures; specialty gardens such as the Cactus Garden and Rose Garden; the Wilshire Electric Fountain and the Doheny Fountain: and a path for walking and jogging. Before you leave the park, snap a quick picture at the famous Beverly Hills sign and Lily Pond, because this destination is one you’ll want to remember.